The computation required in this work was provided by Together Computer (https://together.xyz/). We are grateful to the Numbers Station (https://numbersstation.ai/), Snorkel (https://snorkel.ai/), Stanford Center for Research on Foundation Models (https://crfm.stanford.edu/), and Stanford HAI (https: //hai.stanford.edu/) organizations for the resources that supported this work. We thank Karan Goel, Maya Varma, Joel Johnson, Sabri Eyuboglu, Kawin Ethayarajh, Niladri Chatterji, Neha Gupta, Alex Ratner, and Rishi Bommasani for their helpful feedback and discussions. We gratefully acknowledge the support of DARPA under Nos. FA86501827865 (SDH) and FA86501827882 (ASED); NIH under No. U54EB020405 (Mobilize), NSF under Nos. CCF1763315 (Beyond Sparsity), CCF1563078 (Volume to Velocity), and 1937301 (RTML); ONR under No. N000141712266 (Unifying Weak Supervision); the Moore Foundation, NXP, Xilinx, LETI-CEA, Intel, IBM, Microsoft, NEC, Toshiba, TSMC, ARM, Hitachi, BASF, Accenture, Ericsson, Qualcomm, Analog Devices, the Okawa Foundation, American Family Insurance, Google Cloud, Swiss Re, Brown Institute for Media Innovation, Department of Defense (DoD) through the National Defense Science and Engineering Graduate Fellowship (NDSEG) Program, Fannie and John Hertz Foundation, National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship Program, Texas Instruments, and members of the Stanford DAWN project: Teradata, Facebook, Google, Ant Financial, NEC, VMWare, and Infosys. SA is supported by a Stanford Graduate Fellowship. LO is supported by an Intelligence Community Postdoctoral Fellowship. The U.S. Government is authorized to reproduce and distribute reprints for Governmental purposes notwithstanding any copyright notation thereon. Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the views, policies, or endorsements, either expressed or implied, of DARPA, NIH, ONR, or the U.S. Government.
