The authors would like to thank Dr. Suya You, Army Research Laboratory (ARL), for the many discussions that contributed to the methods development. We also thank Mr. Pushkar Shukla from Toyota Technological Institute, Chicago and Mr. Rahul Vishwakarma from Hitachi Labs America for their suggestions and critical reviews of the paper. This research was in part supported by NSF SI2-SSI award #1664172 and by US Army Research Laboratory (ARL) under agreement # W911NF2020157. The U.S. Government is authorized to reproduce and distribute reprints for Governmental purposes notwithstanding any copyright notation thereon. The views and conclusions contained herein are those of the authors and should not be interpreted as necessarily representing the official policies or endorsements, either expressed or implied, of US Army Research Laboratory (ARL) or the U.S. Government j is matched with semantic word embedding vector, and top 20 scores are labeled as 1 and rest as 0 as shown in Eq. 8 to create the pseudo label y. This is an empirically selected value, it covers almost all the object regions in the image. The Region Proposal Network generates proposal boxes and an objectness score corresponding to each proposal box. The number of proposal boxes are equal to the number of anchor boxes. Corresponding to these proposals boxes, features [f p 1 , f p 2 , ..., f p 576 ] are pooled from feature map F. Contrastive loss is used for pre-training. The cosine distance d k is computed between each anchor feature f anc k and f p k , the total number of features are 576 for anchors and 576 proposals. The pseudo label y is of length 576. y k is equal to 1 where the f anc k feature have potential object. The scaling parameters for contrastive loss α and classification loss β are set to 0.6, 0.4 respectively. The network is trained for 100 epochs, convergence is observed around 45 epochs, based on that, early stopping is done at 50 epochs. The learning rate starts with 1e -5 with decay of 0.1 after every 10 epochs. The batch size is set at 24. The optimizer used is Adam optimizer. The region proposal branch of the network learns to select features from regions where the objects are present. During training, we restrict the learning rate of linear projection layer of f txt ao to a low value to stabilize the region proposal branch. Compositional Classifier CC(.): The ability to learn individual representation of O-A in visual domain is crucial for transferring knowledge from seen to unseen O-A associations. Existing SOTA works [18, 19, 22, 28, 34] use homogeneous features from whole image as without localizing the object, they ignore the discriminative visual features of object and its attributes. Our Composition Classifier network CC(.) leverages the distinctive features extracted by LFE(.) to predict the object and its corresponding attribute. It is challenging to associate right attribute with the object by using homogeneous features, as there can be interference from prominent confounding elements. CC(.) takes as input, the top 10 pooled features [f p 1 , f p 2 , ..., f p 10 ] from pre-trained LFE(.) sorted in descending order based on objectness score ô = [ ô1 , ô2 , .., ô10 ]. Each block in CC(.) consists of two fully connected layer with ReLU activation. The initial learning rate for CC(.) network is set to 1e -3 with a decay of 0.1 after every 7 epochs. We observed that fine tuning LFE(.) with a lower learning rate of 1e -6 while training CC(.) performed better than freezing it. The batch size used is 32. All the experiments are done on a single nvidia V100 Tesla.
