JEG is supported by the Royal Society. This research made use of the University of Hertfordshire's High Performance Com-puting facility (http://uhhpc.herts.ac.uk/). The galaxy icon in Figure 1 , and the cartoons in Figure 7 are by Agata Kuczmińska and are available under the CC-BY-4.0 licence at https://goodstuffnononsense.com/hand-drawn-icons/ space-icons/. We are grateful to the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada, the Ontario Government, and Queen's University for critical support through various scholarships and grants. This work was supported in part by the Yonsei University Research Fund (Yonsei Frontier Lab. Young Researcher Supporting Program) of 2021. RAJ acknowledges support from the Korean National Research Foundation (NRF-2020R1A2C3003769). We thank the MNRAS reviewer for helpful comments and suggestions.The Legacy Surveys consist of three individual and complementary projects: the Dark Energy Camera Legacy Survey (DECaLS; Proposal ID #2014B-0404; PIs: David Schlegel and Arjun Dey), the Beĳing-Arizona Sky Survey (BASS; NOAO Prop. ID #2015A-0801; PIs: Zhou Xu and Xiaohui Fan), and the Mayall z-band Legacy Survey (MzLS; Prop. ID #2016A-0453; PI: Arjun Dey). DECaLS, BASS and MzLS together include data obtained, respectively, at the Blanco telescope, Cerro Tololo Inter-American Observatory, NSF's NOIR-Lab; the Bok telescope, Steward Observatory, University of Arizona; and the Mayall telescope, Kitt Peak National Observatory, NOIRLab. The Legacy Surveys project is honoured to be permitted to conduct astronomical research on Iolkam Du'ag (Kitt Peak), a mountain with particular significance to the Tohono O'odham Nation.NOIRLab is operated by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy (AURA) under a cooperative agreement with the National Science Foundation.This project used data obtained with the Dark Energy Camera (DECam), which was constructed by the Dark Energy Survey (DES) collaboration. Funding for the DES Projects has been provided by the
